Using the Black Magic Debug Probe
=================================

When connecting to a Black Magic Debug probe the command line for
Orbuculum will be something like;

>./orbuculum -m 500

By default on BMP the SWO baudrate is 2.25MBps but that can be changed
as an optional parameter to the monitor traceswo command at the gdb
console, like this;

monitor traceswo 115200

....would set the swo output at the low speed of 115kbps. 

Until a monitor traceswo command has been issued the BMP will not send
any data to Orbuculum. Once it's been issued then the tool will
automatically grab packets and publish them to its fifos.

BMP SWO capture speed is constrained by both the capabilities of the
STM32F103 USART and the ability to get the packets back out over the
USB link.  The UART baudrate is set by b=(72x10^6)/(16*d)...so for d=1
that means a maximum speed of 4.5Mbps. For continious streaming that
turns out to be _too_ fast for the USB link, so the next available
option is the 2.25Mbps that we use. ....you can safely use the 4.5Mbps
setting if your debug data  is bursty, or if you're using a different
CPU to the STM32F103 as your BMP host, but you potentially run the
risk of losing packets if you have long runs of sending which the usb
cannot flush in time (there's a 12K buffer, so the it is a pretty long
run before it becomes a problem).

Note that the baudrate equation means there are only certain speeds
available. The highest half dozen are;

1    	   4.50  Mbps
2	   2.25  Mbps
3	   1.50  Mbps
4	   1.125 Mbps
5	   0.900 Mbps
6          0.750 Mbps

...the USART will cope with some timing slip, but it's advisible to
stay as close to these values as you can. As the speed comes down the
spread between each valid value so mis-timing is less of an issue. The
'monitor traceswo <x>' command will automatically find the closest
divisor to the value you set for the speed, so be aware the error
could be significant. 

You can also use Orbuculum with a RZ mode SWO port (e.g. on a genuine
BMP). In that case then you will need the trace output speed to be
quite a lot lower...in the order of 200kHz or so, by means of changing
the divisor to something like 359.  That's because the STM32F103
doesn't have a dedicated RZ decoder so it all has to be done in
software. The advantage of RZ is that the probe can adapt to the speed
of the target, so you don't have to set the speed on the probe in the
monitor traceswo command, and it will be tolerant of different speeds.

Using BMP the SWO data appears on USB Interface 5, Endpoint 5.
